## Self Introduce

Hello everyone, I‘m very glad to stand here to introduce myself. My Chinese name is Wei Qingqv,and my English name is Welch. 
I come from Huzhou. Zhejiang province, which is about 200 kilometers from Shanghai.
My major is Software Engineering and now my GPA is 3.78, ranking the third in my major.

Through the last three years, I have learned a lot from my professional classes, such as algorithm analysis , linear algebra,  software practice, which not only makes me have a good grasp of programming knowledge, but also stimulates my interest in exploring the world of computer science.

I have been fortunate to receive several awards and honors throughout the learning journey. I got undergraduate scholarships twice and received a second-place prize in a mathematics competition. Additionally I was awarded twice for my role as  Class Assistant for the freshman in Computer Science Department.

As for my scientific research experience , I joined a computer graphics laboratory last semester. In there I acquired knowledge about Unity and build a small ray tracer, which can create delicate and realistic images.

In closing,  thank you for giving me this valuable opportunity to present myself. I am wholeheartedly enthusiastic about the prospect of pursing post-graduate studies in Fudan University and dedicate myself to AI-related scientific research. 

### Experience about teaching the freshman

In the last two summer vacation, I signed up to become a Class Assistant for the freshman in Computer Science Department. It was a little  tedious yet enjoyable job because I need  coordinate with about 40 students who are transforming their role from high school students to university students.

As a Class Assistant , not only need I to teach them about Programming Design, Calculus, Linear Algebra ，but also I have the responsibility to inform them about the daily life in university and let  them know the difference between high school and university .

Usually most of the students are silent in the WeChat group, although I tell them to ask questions freely. But each year, there will always be one student extremely enthusiastic and curious about every detail both in academic and daily life , asking me on WeChat everyday. It reminds me of the scenes in classroom. Most of the students have few interactions with teacher, except one or two active guys.

The experience of being a class assistant was quite an unforgettable memory for me. It makes me more patient as teacher and  more willing to understand and communicate with others.

### Experience about software practice

The most impressive professional class ,for me , is Software practice. The goal of the class is to make a project in a group, but more focused on the  cooperation and division of labor, as well as the engineering of the process.

In this class , our group made a "Shared Rich Text Editor",especially for the programmers, where they can write down note using markdown . And the moment they write down something, their partner can see the change immediately.

However, the teacher ask us to adopt CI/CD for our project. CI/CD stands for continuous integration and continuous deployment. The question is that there are few learning materials for a front end project CI/CD. It means we have to do it ourselves: using Huawei Cloud and writing scripts. All my group members all gave up after trying for several times. But I was determined to finish CI/CD .It finally cost me three nights to make it by my own hands. I contribute my success to my determination and this software practice class. If it weren't for this course force me to do CI/CD, I wouldn't have realized how great my potential was.

### Experience about Ray tracer

My ray tracer uses the classical method——rasterized ray tracing. I transmit light from each pixel ,  calculate the intersection , and then determine the direction of the reflection light, finally get the color of the pixel.

My tiny ray tracer mplement anti-aliasing by transmit  certain number of rays from one pixel and calculate the average color.  Moreover, it can also render objects with different materials such as diffuse material , dielectric material and  metal. My ray tracer also simulate Fresnel Formula, so the rendered image looks more realistic.

 Although my ray tracer can produce great image , but if the scenes are complex and the number of object are too many, the rendering time will be unbearable. That's is a problem.

The whole process of building a ray tracer is a combine of math, physics and programming as well as  a solid foundation of optics. It urges me to acquire the knowledge in multiple fields then you will get better effect.

### Describe Fudan

Having studied in Fudan three years, I know Fudan is a great place with beautiful campus and rich academic atomsphere . It provides students with plenty of opportunities academically and in extracurricular activities. My favorite place of Fudan is the south playground, where  the sports meeting holds. I have played football, basketball and Chinese chess there thus made a lot of friends. I really appreciate the resources and opportunity provided by Fudan. That's why I want to further my study in Fudan.

### My hobby

My hobby is reading detective novels, for instance, Sherlock Holmes, Agatha Christie. But I love compositions written by Japanese writers, because their novel concern's more with the society and the complex  human relationships, thus usually having a great impact for me after reading them.

### Your plan for future postgraduate life

If I get the chance to learn at Fudan, I will concentrate on the study and research in CV. First I will work hard to learn math, laying a solid foundation for further study. Second, I would like to do some practical work with the help of my supervisor and classmate, thus I can acquire knowledge that is not in the textbook. I hope in the next three years, I can improve my ability of learning  and critical thinking and have valuable academic outputs.

### Your character

contradictory, introverted , outgoing.

Usually  exchange ideas express thoughts

take the responsibility of leader for my group. In that place, I always keep communicating with my group members.



###  



